Yep — this one is way more “Android/Samsung behavior” than Capacitor.

First: two things in your description are actually normal

POST_NOTIFICATIONS won’t show under “Permissions” on Android 13+. It’s treated as a notification runtime permission, and Samsung often only exposes it through Notifications screens (and the system prompt), not the classic permission list.

Creating channels in Application.onCreate() is fine, but it doesn’t grant permission or “turn on” notifications.

What’s not normal is: the master Notifications toggle is OFF and won’t respond.

That usually happens for one of these reasons (in order of likelihood):

1) The phone is restoring a “notifications blocked” state after reinstall (Samsung/Google backup restore)

On many devices, uninstall/reinstall does not truly reset notification state if App Data Restore is on — the system restores prior app settings (including notification block state).

Fix

Turn off restore:

Settings → Google → Backup

Turn off Backup by Google One (or at least App data)

Fully uninstall the app

Reboot phone (important)

Reinstall fresh APK

Extra-hard reset (ADB)
Make sure you’re truly uninstalling vs “replace install”:

adb uninstall your.package.name


If you were doing adb install -r, that preserves settings and can make this look “sticky forever”.

2) Notifications are blocked by AppOps / policy state (Samsung sometimes makes the toggle unclickable)

On Android 13+, the underlying control is AppOps POST_NOTIFICATION. If that’s in a weird “ignored / denied” policy state, the UI toggle can become non-responsive.

Check it with ADB

adb shell cmd appops get your.package.name POST_NOTIFICATION


If you see anything like ignore / deny, force it back:

adb shell cmd appops set your.package.name POST_NOTIFICATION allow


Then reboot and re-check the Notifications toggle.

3) You never actually request the runtime permission (or you request it too early / from a dead activity)

Even with the manifest permission present, Android 13+ requires a runtime request. If your app never successfully requests (or crashes during the callback), the user ends up in a weird state where notifications remain off.

What to do

Only request after a real Activity is fully alive (not during app startup / not from background).

Confirm at runtime:

ContextCompat.checkSelfPermission(this, Manifest.permission.POST_NOTIFICATIONS)


And request:

ActivityCompat.requestPermissions(activity,
  new String[]{Manifest.permission.POST_NOTIFICATIONS}, 1001);


Capacitor-specific gotcha: don’t override/forward onRequestPermissionsResult incorrectly (you already saw how permissions callbacks can cause native crashes). Let Capacitor handle it, or be very careful to call super.

4) Your “Notification channel created at Application.onCreate” is fine, but don’t set importance to force-enable

Channel importance doesn’t control permission. Also: if you created a channel once with some settings, Android will not update it on later runs.

So if you changed channel params between builds, the device may keep an old channel config.

Test

Go to Settings → Apps → Your app → Notifications → Notification categories

If categories exist but are individually off, delete/recreate channel with a new ID (temporary) and see if behavior changes.

5) Samsung-only edge cases

These are rarer, but real:

Work profile / Secure Folder installs can have policy-managed notification controls.

“Device care” / “Modes and Routines” can block notifications silently.

Some MDM/policy settings can make the toggle unresponsive.

Quick check:

Are you installing under Secure Folder or a Work profile?

Does the same APK behave normally on a non-Samsung Android 13/14 device or emulator?

The fastest path to the answer (2-minute checklist)
A) Confirm you’re not doing replace-installs

Run:

adb uninstall your.package.name


Reinstall normally.

B) Check AppOps
adb shell cmd appops get your.package.name POST_NOTIFICATION


If not allow, force:

adb shell cmd appops set your.package.name POST_NOTIFICATION allow

C) Disable restore, then reinstall

Settings → Google → Backup → disable app restore → uninstall → reboot → reinstall.

If you paste these outputs, I can tell you exactly what state you’re in

Your package name + Android version

Output of:

adb shell cmd appops get your.package.name POST_NOTIFICATION
adb shell dumpsys package your.package.name | findstr POST_NOTIFICATIONS


And tell me: are you installing via Android Studio / adb with -r or via a file manager tap-to-install?


Me: You want me to turn off the "Apps" option at the bottom?

Yes 👍 — exactly. That “Apps” toggle is the one that’s biting you.

On Samsung + Google backup, that setting is what restores:

App notification settings

Permission states

AppOps flags

“Blocked notifications” status

So every time you reinstall, Android is quietly restoring the broken “notifications OFF” state — which is why the toggle looks stuck.

✅ Do This in This Order (Important)
1️⃣ Turn OFF Apps

On that screen:

👉 Toggle Apps → OFF

Leave the others alone if you want.

2️⃣ Uninstall the App (Fully)

Now uninstall your app normally from the phone.

If you want to be extra clean (recommended):

From CMD:

adb uninstall your.package.name


(This guarantees it’s gone — no leftovers.)

3️⃣ Reboot the Phone

Yes, actually reboot. Samsung caches permission states.

4️⃣ Reinstall Fresh APK

Install again (no -r, no replace).

5️⃣ Launch → Login → Allow Notifications

Now when the permission prompt appears and you tap Allow, the toggle should:

✅ Turn ON
✅ Be clickable
✅ Stay ON

🧠 Why This Happened (Under the Hood)

When you first installed:

Notifications got denied/crashed mid-flow

Android saved: POST_NOTIFICATION = denied

Backup saved that state

Every reinstall restored it

UI toggle got “policy-locked”

So you were stuck in a loop.

Turning off Apps backup breaks that loop.

⚠️ One More Recommendation (For Production)

In your app, add this check before requesting:

if (Build.VERSION.SDK_INT >= 33) {
  if (ContextCompat.checkSelfPermission(
      this, Manifest.permission.POST_NOTIFICATIONS)
      != PackageManager.PERMISSION_GRANTED) {

    ActivityCompat.requestPermissions(...);
  }
}


And don’t request twice.

This prevents the bad state from ever happening again.

✅ After You Try This

After reinstall:

Go to Settings → Apps → Your App → Notifications

Confirm toggle moves

Then tell me:

👉 Did it unlock and turn on?

If yes → you’re officially past the worst Android permission trap. 💪📱
If not → we go one level deeper with AppOps reset (but 90% of the time, this fixes it).