iOS Submission
Unresolved Issues

Your app version was rejected and no other items submitted can be accepted or approved. You can make edits to your app version below.

Items Submitted (1)
You can review and make edits to your items below, or communicate with Apple. Accepted items won't be available for release until all items with issues are resubmitted and accepted. You can also remove those items and resubmit them later.
Item
Type
Review Status
Action
iOS App 1.0

1.0 (22)

App Version
Rejected
2.1.0 Performance: App Completeness

3.1.1 Business: Payments - In-App Purchase

Screenshot-0225-152330.pngDownload
See More
Edit

Messages (1)

AppleToday 8:27 AM
Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 518065bd-90a5-4eab-b49a-93d1a27ffcb1
Review date: February 25, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

We noticed that your app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than in-app purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 


- The subscriptions can be purchased in the app using payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by your app must be available for purchase in the app using in-app purchase. 

Apps that offer paid digital services and content across multiple platforms may allow customers to access the content they acquired outside the app as long as it is also available for purchase using in-app purchase. See Guideline 3.1.3(b) Multiplatform Services for more information. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in your app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Resources

- See how to implement in-app purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating in-app purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about our policies for apps that offer paid digital content and services.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We need more information to continue the review.

Next Steps

Provide detailed answers to the following questions:

1. Is your app sending users data to any third-party AI(s) provider?
2. If so, where in your app's UI can users check the personal information that is being sent and to which third-parties?



Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.